Stream ID, authorization header updates (#238)
openid/sharedsignals: openid-sharedsignals-framework-1_0.md

> **Transmitter-Supplied**, REQUIRED. A string that uniquely identifies the stream. A
  Transmitter MUST generate a unique ID for each of its non-deleted streams

>   at the time of stream creation. Transmitters are recommended to use character set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  at the time of stream creation. Transmitters SHOULD use character set
```

>   described in Section 2.3 of {{rfc3986}}}} to generate the stream ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  described in Section 2.3 of {{RFC3986}}}} to generate the stream ID.
```

I don't know if capitalizing this matters, but it seems like the others are capitalized.

authorization_header

> > If the endpoint_url requires authorization, the receiver SHOULD provide

Reviewer 2: Could you please remove this from the PR, I'm addressing this in the "refactor section 10 PR"

> > If the endpoint_url requires authorization, the receiver is required to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the endpoint_url requires authorization, the receiver SHOULD provide
```

Author: I am going to call this a MUST to maintain the earlier language

 this authorization header in the stream creation/updation. If present, the 

>  Transmitter MUST set with each event delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Transmitter MUST use the authorization header with each event delivery.
```
